St/beaconing extensibinility (#22)
scionassociation/scion-research_I-D: draft-meynell-panrg-scion-research-questions.md

| 64-0:0:0    | 64-2:0:13   | 60                |
{: #segment-count-example title="CORE segment count examples"}

## Periodic beacon propagation
* Is it necessary to propagate beacons periodically? 
  * For path freshness, only the origin needs to originate beacons periodically, and others disseminate immediately.
  * For response to link failures or availability of new paths, beacon services can respond instantly.

> * Re-propagating the same set of beacons at each interval makes inefficient use of resources. The periodic propagation can be used for the discovery of new paths at each interval, enhancing the scalability and path diversity.

Reviewer: 1. A newly connected AS first sets its topology offline. Its neighbors have to do the same.
2. The new AS learns about the other border router presence through BFD.
3. The neighbor's border router will consider this interface as active.
4. The neighbor's control plane will use this interface to propagate beacons.
5. The new AS receives new PCBs and can propagate and build paths.

| 64-0:0:0    | 64-2:0:13   | 60                |
{: #segment-count-example title="CORE segment count examples"}

## Periodic beacon propagation

> * Is it necessary to propagate beacons periodically? If so, why? 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Is it necessary to propagate beacons periodically? 
```

  * For path freshness, only the origin needs to originate beacons periodically, and others disseminate immediately.
  * For response to link failures or availability of new paths, beacon services can respond instantly.

> * Re-propgating the same set of beacons at each interval is a waste of resources The periodic propagation can be used for the discovery of new paths at each interval, enhancing the scalability, and path diversity.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Re-propagating the same set of beacons at each interval makes inefficient use of resources. The periodic propagation can be used for the discovery of new paths at each interval, enhancing the scalability and path diversity.
```

> ## Beacon optimization and beaconing extensibility

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Beacon optimization and extensibility
```

> * Communication quality requirements vary based on source, destination, and applications.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Communication requirements vary according to source, destination, and application. Satisfying all these requirements either requires discovering all paths in the network, or optimizing paths during the beaconing process. Selecting the 5 shortest paths per destination cannot satisfy all requirements.
```

> * Satisfying all these criteria either requires discovering all paths in the network, or optimizing paths during the beaconing process.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

>   * Clearly, the 5-shortest path per destination cannot satisfy all communication requirements.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> * What optimization functions should be applied to beacons when propagating them?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* What optimization functions should be applied to beacons and what metrics should be considered when propagating them ?
```

>   * What are the optimality metrics considered in these functions?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

* Who should select these functions?
* How should the deployment of these functions be enforced?

> * How can multiple functions be applied concurrently for different src/dst/applications?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* How can multiple functions be applied concurrently for different source and destination applications?
```

* How should end ASes express their desired requirements to the inter-domain control plane?
* How do these requirements translate into concrete optimization functions?
* How does standardization of the functions work? 

> * Criteria change over time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Criteria changing over time.
```
